[skip-ci] Add dedicated page for python specific user documentation (#17082)
root-project/root: bindings/pyroot/pythonizations/doc/index.md

> \defgroup Pythonizations PyROOT pythonizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\defgroup Pythonizations Python interface
```

I believe we want to give a very generic title, then explain what "pythonizations" are in the comment below.

> \brief PyROOT specific pythonizations.
> 
> This page lists PyROOT specific user functions as well as all the ROOT classes with pythonizations - special, more pythonic interfaces for PyROOT. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\brief Python-specific functionalities offered by ROOT

This page lists the so-called "pythonizations", that is those functionalities offered by ROOT for classes and functions which are specific to Python usage of the package and provide a more pythonic experience.
```
